claude_marat_ai/commands/prepare-feature.md, before:

---
description: Prepare comprehensive documentation for a user defined feature
---

You are preparing documentation for a new feature implementation.

1. If the ($ARGUMENTS) contains files - read those, if $ARGUMENTS contains links - fetch those.

2. Reformulate users feature request based on the step 1 in a consise structured way to ensure which feature should be planned.
Output that for confirmation.

2. Execute the following steps in parallel using subagents and ask each subagent to write results into .md file under the docs/<feature-name> folder
<parallel tasks>
  **Project Search Analysis** (use project-search subagent)
  **Web Research** (use web-research subagent)
  **Specification Creation** (use spec subagent):
</parallel tasks>

3. Check that all parallel tasks generated corresponidng .md files. Restart the tasks that failed.

4. Create a single .md file with implementation plan in the form of - [ ] tasks and subtasks. Follow the rules:
  - Do not estimate time to implement
  - Add references to key files, specs, and docs.
  - Wrap up in <parallel>...</parallel> tasks whenever possible

Commit message:

docs: clarify spec subagent should create business UX-based specs
Specify that the specification creation task should focus on
business user-experience based specifications for better clarity.

claude_marat_ai/commands/prepare-feature.md, after:

---
description: Prepare comprehensive documentation for a user defined feature
argument-hint: <path-to-feature.md>
---

You are preparing documentation for a new feature implementation.

The user has created a feature description in a markdown file and will provide the file path as an argument.

1. Read the feature description file from $ARGUMENTS path.

2. Reformulate the user's feature request based on the file contents in a concise structured way to ensure which feature should be planned.
Output that for confirmation.

3. Execute the following steps in parallel using subagents and ask each subagent to write results into .md file under the docs/<feature-name> folder:
<parallel tasks>
  **Project Search Analysis** (use project-search subagent)
  **Web Research** (use web-research subagent)
  **Specification Creation** (use spec subagent)
</parallel tasks>

4. Check that all parallel tasks generated corresponding .md files. Restart the tasks that failed.

5. Create a single .md file with implementation plan in the form of - [ ] tasks and subtasks. Follow the rules:
  - Do not estimate time to implement
  - Add references to key files, specs, and docs
  - Wrap up in <parallel>...</parallel> tags whenever possible
